Add Lifetec LT9570 support (#2286)
OpenTabletDriver/OpenTabletDriver: TABLETS.md

| Huion Kamvas Pro 20           |  Missing Features | Touch bar is not yet supported.
| Huion Kamvas Pro 24           |  Missing Features | Touch bar is not yet supported.
| Huion Q620M                   |  Missing Features | Wheel is not yet supported.

> | Lifetec LT9570                |  Missing Features | Aux buttons are not yet supported.

Reviewer: Assuming the parsers tilt portion is right (`// Tilt is given as azimuth and altitude`), I'm assuming this needs to report that tilt is not yet supported:
```suggestion
| Lifetec LT9570                |  Missing Features | Aux buttons and tilt is not yet supported.
```
